README.md, before:

![](https://i.imgur.com/D2Ep7aW.png)

# Overview
This is a mod for [Himeko Sutori](https://himekosutori.com/) that records the names of fallen allies. When an ally is defeated in battle, this mod writes their name, character level, and class into the in-game journal in the "Peoples" category, under a "Fallen Allies" page.

This mod will save your list of fallen allies directly in your save file.

# Screenshots
![](https://i.imgur.com/0GFggzJ.png)
![](https://i.imgur.com/31GpHat.png)

# How do I install this mod?
All folder paths are relative to your steam folder containing Himeko Sutori. If you're having trouble finding it, right-click on the game in Steam and choosing Manage > Browser Local Files.

To install:
1. [Download the mod files from the releases page](https://github.com/solimodsthings/FallenAlliesMod/releases)
2.	Place the <i>EventsMod.u</i> and <i>FallenAlliesMod.u</i> files into the script folder of the game at <b>…/Himeko Sutori/RPGTacGame/Script/</b>
3.	Update file <b>…/Himeko Sutori/RPGTacGame/Config/RPGTacMods.ini</b> so the mod is loaded whenever you start the game – the file should look similar to this:

```
[rpgtacgame.RPGTacMutatorLoader]
MutatorsLoaded=EventsMod.EventsModStart,FallenAlliesMod.FallenAlliesModStart
```

(Note: Make sure there are no spaces in the mod list as whitespaces don’t get trimmed!)

# Mod Dependencies and Compatiblity
This mod relies on Events Mod and is compatible with other mods that use Events Mod. Please ensure Events Mod is loaded before this mod.

Commit message:

Described what happens to this mod when permadeath is disabled

README.md, after:

![](https://i.imgur.com/D2Ep7aW.png)

# Overview
This is a mod for [Himeko Sutori](https://himekosutori.com/) that records the names of fallen allies. When an ally is defeated in battle, this mod writes their name, character level, and class into the in-game journal under the "Peoples" category and in a "Fallen Allies" page. If permadeath is disabled in your game, then nothing will get recorded.

This mod will save your list of fallen allies directly to your save file.

# Screenshots
![](https://i.imgur.com/0GFggzJ.png)
![](https://i.imgur.com/31GpHat.png)

# How do I install this mod?
All folder paths are relative to your steam folder containing Himeko Sutori. If you're having trouble finding it, right-click on the game in Steam and choose Manage > Browser Local Files.

To install:
1. [Download the mod files from the releases page](https://github.com/solimodsthings/FallenAlliesMod/releases)
2.	Place the <i>EventsMod.u</i> and <i>FallenAlliesMod.u</i> files into the script folder of the game at <b>…/Himeko Sutori/RPGTacGame/Script/</b>
3.	Update file <b>…/Himeko Sutori/RPGTacGame/Config/RPGTacMods.ini</b> so the mod is loaded whenever you start the game – the file should look similar to this:

```
[rpgtacgame.RPGTacMutatorLoader]
MutatorsLoaded=EventsMod.EventsModStart,FallenAlliesMod.FallenAlliesModStart
```

(Note: Make sure there are no spaces in the mod list as whitespaces don’t get trimmed!)

# Mod Dependencies and Compatiblity
This mod relies on Events Mod and is compatible with other mods that use Events Mod. Please ensure Events Mod is loaded before this mod.
